Running Puppeteer in an EC2 instance with Amazon-Linux (#6771)
puppeteer/puppeteer: docs/troubleshooting.md

  * [Running Puppeteer on Google Cloud Functions](#running-puppeteer-on-google-cloud-functions)
  * [Running Puppeteer on Heroku](#running-puppeteer-on-heroku)
  * [Running Puppeteer on AWS Lambda](#running-puppeteer-on-aws-lambda)

>   * [Running Puppeteer on AWS EC 2 instance running Amazon-Linux](#running-puppeteer-on-aws-ec2-instance-running-amazon-linux)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Running Puppeteer on AWS EC2 instance running Amazon-Linux](#running-puppeteer-on-aws-ec2-instance-running-amazon-linux)
```

- https://github.com/alixaxel/chrome-aws-lambda (kept updated with the latest stable release of puppeteer)
- https://github.com/adieuadieu/serverless-chrome/blob/master/docs/chrome.md (serverless plugin - outdated)

> ### Running Puppeteer on AWS EC 2 instance running Amazon-Linux
> If you are using EC2 instance running amazon-linux in your CI/CD pipeline, and if you want to run  Puppeteer tests in amazon-linux. To install chromium, you have to first enable amazon-linux-extras which comes as part of EPEL [Extra Packages for Enterprise Linux](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/ec2-enable-epel/) . 
> 
> To do that you have to run 
> ```
> sudo amazon-linux-extras install epel -y
> ```
> 
> Next if you install chromium 
> ```
> sudo yum install -y chromium
> 
> ```
> 
> Puppeteer can easily launch chromium to run your tests. If you do not enable EPEL and if you continue installing chromium as part of '''npm install''', Puppeteer cannot launch chromium due to unavailablity of libatk-1.0.so.0 and many more packages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Running Puppeteer on AWS EC2 instance running Amazon-Linux

If you are using an EC2 instance running amazon-linux in your CI/CD pipeline, and if you want to run Puppeteer tests in amazon-linux, follow these steps.

1. To install Chromium, you have to first enable `amazon-linux-extras` which comes as part of [EPEL (Extra Packages for Enterprise Linux)](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/ec2-enable-epel/):

    ```sh
    sudo amazon-linux-extras install epel -y
    ```

1. Next, install Chromium:

    ```sh
    sudo yum install -y chromium
    ```

Now Puppeteer can launch Chromium to run your tests. If you do not enable EPEL and if you continue installing chromium as part of `npm install`, Puppeteer cannot launch Chromium due to unavailablity of `libatk-1.0.so.0` and many more packages. 
```
